Note for wikitext data set connection issue (#452)
openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai: llm_bench/python/doc/NOTES.md

-        self.add_eos_token = add_eos_token
-        self.sp_model = spm.SentencePieceProcessor(**self.sp_model_kwargs)
-        self.sp_model.Load(vocab_file)
```

## CompressWeights Mode INT4 - ConnectionError: Couldn't reach 'wikitext' on the Hub (SSLError)
Download LLM from hugginface, convert to OpenVINO IR files and run with convert.py and CompressWeights Mode to INT4, the following error may occur：
```bash
raise ConnectionError(f"Couldn't reach '{path}' on the Hub ({type(e)._name_})")
ConnectionError: Couldn't reach 'wikitext' on the Hub (SSLError)
```
root cause: The wikitext data set was not downloaded correctly, or the Hugging Face Hub network could not be connected normally. <br />
Solution: <br />

> please Refer to https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/loading#arrow , copy wikitest data cache set to ~/.cache/huggingface/datasets/ folder, Set the environment variable HF_DATASETS_OFFLINE to 1 to enable full offline mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/loading#arrow , copy wikitext data set to ~/.cache/huggingface/datasets/ folder, set the environment variable HF_DATASETS_OFFLINE to 1.
```

-        self.add_eos_token = add_eos_token
-        self.sp_model = spm.SentencePieceProcessor(**self.sp_model_kwargs)
-        self.sp_model.Load(vocab_file)
```

## CompressWeights Mode INT4 - ConnectionError: Couldn't reach 'wikitext' on the Hub (SSLError)
Download LLM from hugginface, convert to OpenVINO IR files and run with convert.py and CompressWeights Mode to INT4, the following error may occur：
```bash
raise ConnectionError(f"Couldn't reach '{path}' on the Hub ({type(e)._name_})")
ConnectionError: Couldn't reach 'wikitext' on the Hub (SSLError)
```
root cause: The wikitext data set was not downloaded correctly, or the Hugging Face Hub network could not be connected normally. <br />
Solution: <br />

> Your data can be stored in various places; they can be on your local machine’s disk, in a Github repository, and in in-memory data structures like Python dictionaries and Pandas DataFrames. Wherever a dataset is stored. Datasets can help you load it from local,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your data can be stored in various places; they can be on your local machine’s disk, in a Github repository, and in in-memory data structures like Python dictionaries and Pandas DataFrames. Wherever a dataset is stored. Datasets can help you load it from local,
```

> and how to load the dataset from local, please refer to https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/loading#arrow <br />

Reviewer: Can it be something like 
 Refer to https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/loading#arrow , copy  wikitest data set to xxx folder, set env variable ...
